Fix timing attack (#2101)
ethereum/eth2.0-specs: specs/phase0/validator.md

A validator is expected to create, sign, and broadcast an attestation during each epoch. The `committee`, assigned `index`, and assigned `slot` for which the validator performs this role during an epoch are defined by `get_committee_assignment(state, epoch, validator_index)`.

> For each `slot`, a validator must generate a uniform random variable `slot_timing_entropy` between `(-SECONDS_PER_SLOT / ATTESTATION_ENTROPY_DIVISOR, SECONDS_PER_SLOT / ATTESTATION_ENTROPY_DIVISOR)` with millisecond resolution and using local entropy.

Reviewer: can the entropy be shared by multiple validators that is served under the same beacon node? 

this will simplify the beacon node implementation

Author: Yes, the entropy can be shared by multiple validators that are served under the same beacon node.

Reviewer 2: Do you mean the source of entropy can be shared or that randomly selected `slot_timing_entropy` value can be shared by all validators served by the same beacon node?  

There are significant performance implications of every individual validator has to select the latest head and create its attestation at a different time.  Currently a Validator Client only needs to ask the beacon node to create at most one `AttestationData` per committee per slot because all validators in that same committee can create an attestation from that `AttestationData`. And all validators can share the same selected head block.

With this change, if the value of `slot_timing_entropy` can't be shared, the number of validators a beacon node could support would be significantly reduced as it would need to update fork choice and create a new `AttestationData` for each individual validator.

Author: This is the gist of this fix:
> By making the attestation production time unpredictable to the attacker & unique for each validator, ...

The attestation production time doesn't _have_ to be unique for each and every validator. However, it is absolutely crucial that the attestation production time is unpredictable for anyone who does not control the validator, and/or the beacon node (for clients where the beacon node is the driver of validator duties). So, validators served by the same beacon node can have the same attestation production time, i.e., they can share the source of the entropy **and** the actual `slot_timing_entropy` value.

> A validator should create and broadcast the `attestation` to the associated attestation subnet when the earlier one of these two events occurs:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A validator must create and broadcast the `attestation` to the associated attestation subnet when the earlier one of the following two events occurs:
```

>   - the validator has received a valid block from the expected block proposer for the assigned `slot`, or

Reviewer 3: no need for "or" with the bullets.

```suggestion
  - The validator has received a valid block from the expected block proposer for the assigned `slot`
```

>   - The validator has received a valid block from the expected block proposer for the assigned `slot`. In this case, the validator must set a timer for `abs(slot_timing_entropy)`. The end of this timer will be the trigger for attestation production.

Reviewer 4: what is the attack vector of sending the attestation on block receipt? that has some randomness built into it "naturally"?

Author: This is to mitigate the risk from an adversary who has faster connections to all validators than what the rest of the validators have between themselves. There are already some "Layer-0" projects in this space that provide this as a service (either currently, or will do in the near future), e.g., [bloXroute](https://bloxroute.com) and [Marlin](https://www.marlin.pro).

An attacker with this capability would be able to trigger attestation production at a predictable time of its choosing by always being the first one to inform validators about a new block. Hence, adding the timing entropy to make this attack vector unfeasible.

Reviewer 4: by the way, the time `block_arrived + abs(slot_timing_entropy)` should be capped at `SECONDS_PER_SLOT / ATTESTATION_PRODUCTION_DIVISOR + slot_timing_entropy`, in the worst case we'd see the block being sent out at `slot + 6s`, effectively, instead of `slot + 5s` being the maximum, which starts being very close to the aggregation cutoff time increasing the risk of loss of reward.

>   - `SECONDS_PER_SLOT/ATTESTATION_PRODUCTION_DIVISOR + slot_timing_entropy` seconds have elapsed since the start of the `slot` (using the `slot_timing_entropy` generated for this slot)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - `SECONDS_PER_SLOT / ATTESTATION_PRODUCTION_DIVISOR + slot_timing_entropy` seconds have elapsed since the start of the `slot` (using the `slot_timing_entropy` generated for this slot)
```

> *Note*: The validator must compute `head_block = get_head(store)` when earlier of the two above listed events has occurred. Specifically, `head_block` must be the current head block according to the fork choice when the event was triggered, and not any cached/stored value from a previous time.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*Note*: The validator must compute `head_block = get_head(store)` when the earlier of the two above events has occurred. Specifically, `head_block` must be the current head block according to the fork choice when the event was triggered, and not any cached/stored value from a previous time.
```
